Update update-net-agent.mdx (#11641)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/net-agent/installation/update-net-agent.mdx

<Callout variant="important">
  For .NET agent versions 10.0.0 or higher, the name of the package is `newrelic-dotnet-agent`. For .NET agent versions 9.9.0 or lower, the name of the package is `newrelic-netcore20-agent`.
  The rest of this document will refer to `newrelic-dotnet-agent`; replace this with the older name if you have an older agent version installed.

>   When you change the package name from `newrelic-netcore20-agent` to the `newrelic-dotnet-agent`, please, do not forget to change the `CORECLR_NEWRELIC_HOME` and `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH` environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When upgrading to 10.0.0 or higher from a version below 10.0.0, you will also need to change the `CORECLR_NEWRELIC_HOME` and `CORECLR_PROFILER_PATH` environment variables due to the change in package name.
```
